The thieves stole all the paintings in the museum while the guard slept.

The thieves stole all the paintings in the night while the guard slept.

The couple admired the house with a garden but knew that it was overpriced.

The couple admired the house with a friend but knew that it was overpriced.

The tourist learned the route through the mountains while traveling on vacation.

The tourist learned the route through the interpreter while traveling on vacation.

The administrator announced the cuts in the budget even though he knew it would create hard feelings.

The administrator announced the cuts in the meeting even though he knew it would create hard feelings.

The engineers designed the bridge over the river but a year passed before it was built.

The engineers designed the bridge over the summer but a year passed before it was built.

The report described the government ’s programs in education but most people ignored it.

The report described the government ’s programs in detail but most people ignored it.

The police arrested the mastermind behind the crimes but they forgot to read him his rights.

The police arrested the mastermind behind the hideout but they forgot to read him his rights.

The spy had the plans for a weapon but he was caught before he could sell them.

The spy had the plans for a price but he was caught before he could sell them.

I read the article in the magazine while I was waiting for the cookies to bake.

I read the article in the bathtub while I was waiting for the cookies to bake.

The President suggested a solution to the problem although he knew it would be rejected.

The President suggested a solution to the people although he knew it would be rejected.

The corporate executive considered the issues under discussion because his career depended on the outcome.

The corporate executive considered the issues under pressure because his career depended on the outcome.

The woman married the man with money while her friends looked on with envy.

The woman married the man with delight while her friends looked on with envy.

The doctor cured the woman with tuberculosis even though his colleagues had thought it unlikely.

The doctor cured the woman with penicillin even though his colleagues had thought it unlikely.

The hospital admitted the patient with cancer because she required intensive care.

The hospital admitted the patient with urgency because she required intensive care.

The woman flaunted the expensive ring around her finger even though it was n’t paid for yet.

The woman flaunted the expensive ring around her friends even though it was n’t paid for yet.

John ordered a pizza with pepperoni when he was finished studying for his calculus exam.

John ordered a pizza with enthusiasm when he was finished studying for his calculus exam.

The Vietnam veteran identified his old buddy from the war even though many years had passed since he had seen him.

The Vietnam veteran identified his old buddy from the photo even though many years had passed since he had seen him.

The little girl tried to cut the apple with plastic knives though she was n’t very successful.

The little girl tried to cut the apple with plastic coating though she was n’t very successful.

The landlord painted all the walls with enamel though it did n’t help the appearance of the place.

The landlord painted all the walls with cracks though it did n’t help the appearance of the place.

Jane finally decided to read the books on the train so that she would n’t fail her history test.

Jane finally decided to read the books on the list so that she would n’t fail her history test.

The overworked scientist only read the news reports on Sundays because he had so little time.

The overworked scientist only read the news reports on tornados because he had so little time.

The executive only called people on the intercom because he was paranoid.

The executive only called people on the payroll because he was paranoid.

The kids played all the albums on the stereo before they went to bed.

The kids played all the albums on the shelf before they went to bed.

Grandfather could only read the numbers in bright rooms because of his poor eyesight.

Grandfather could only read the numbers in bright colors because of his poor eyesight.

That kid hit the girl with a whip before he got off the subway.

That kid hit the girl with a wart before he got off the subway.

The doctor examined the patient with a stethoscope but he could n’t determine what the problem was.

The doctor examined the patient with a toothache but he could n’t determine what the problem was.